it is 1:30 a.m. Wednesday at 7:30 p.m.
we will be flying out to the UK it's
fair use first time outside of the
country first time a natural trip for
this very reason we are giving him at
yes theory experience you are going to
be telling a joke to the entire plane
tomorrow so oh my god I couldn't take a
better picture though
[Music]
shoutout to Minute Maid
- lettuce we are on our way to London
we're going to try to ask the pilot to
let peri tell a joke the entire plane he
is like if it goes bad which it will I'm
not to sit there in my chair for 12
hours horizon really was a good guy
Johnny funny on the airplane would so
Perry has been practicing his joke get a
great two stays on the plane trying to
rehearse it hey everyone I just want to
cheer you all up we're gonna be on a
long fly it's like 12 hours so I can I
tell you would you mind if I told you a
joke well don't ask there just tell them
right away I'm gonna tell you Joe excuse
me I'm right away it's like everybody
we're on a really long flight I just
want to make sure everybody
that's good that's that's too aggressive
so everything I can't remember the joke
now but we should all love it at least
yeah you don't someone's like [ __ ]
[Music]
yeah
32:14 costumes oh they like immediately
came up to me when I started talking to
the pilot like three dudes and were just
like what do you want I was just like Oh
gay it seems like there have been two
accusations from therefore recently
because the plane commotion so way
nothing I think he's so nervous
quite really what I mean what's the
worst now what's the worst that can I
marry God what's the worst that can
happen
well decapitation you're killing it okay
is gonna be great if I just like pass
out every what were you they say from
this guy's sorry
[Music]
excuse me real quick we're going to be
on a really long flight so I just wanted
to tell everybody a joke before we go to
cheer everybody up but that's alright I
just want to cheer cheer everybody up
with a joke if that's okay okay is that
all right yeah it's real quick
how did turtles communicate
with their shell phones
[Music]
horrible but I love horrible yeah worst
joke ever but that's what makes it
awesome
[Music]